hi so this is my collection of Sylvanian
families and I just started like a month
ago and I thought I'd show them to you
first is my big old carry case the scrum
cheese sandwich set the kitchen cabinet
so that's what's inside I also have the
washing set they also have fridge and
accessories
the luxury color TV the village shoe
shop
I also have pizza parlor and this is
really cute the night light nursery said
it says with real rotating night light
and this is one of my favorite the
bathroom set because it's very detailed
I really like it so that's the side in
the back part of the box I also have the
garden BBQ set and the last one is the
girls bedroom set so there's a figure
included that's the content so I'm
planning to make a video unboxing each
one of them so watch out for that and
thanks for watching bye